This muscle here is the inside round
when I'm boning out pork legs,
if I'm, you know,
I'm short on sausage meat and normally
the whole back leg would go for sausage.
However, for applications today
I do want to talk about
some of the particular uses
for some of these muscles.
So the inside round being a large,
solid muscle,
we can usually sorry
we can use it for schnitzel.
This is a great cut for getting those
those pork cutlets out of
so we can clean it up
and get it to that point.
So this is just a couple of things
I like to do before I start slicing.
one is
we talked about how the inside round
has that almost wet fat on it
or that lose fat.
So what I'm going to do
is I'm just going to come in
and I'm just going to take most of it off.
I don't really need it on here.
It won't really cook
well with the type of application
that we would use for schnitzel,
so I can remove a lot of that fat
and then.
Very important
is they have a femoral artery.
I mean, we all do,
but pigs also have a femoral artery,
so I like to remove that femoral artery.
first, I got to identify where it is.
And you can see in this section here,
they'll generally be a little bit of like
remnants of blood in there.
So once I find the angle of the femoral
artery, I can just come in and cut
and we can see it
right there, so I'm going to go ahead
and just remove that.
I just kind of dig it out almost.
And once I remove it and take that out
now, I'm just going to almost
even out the cuts
and we'll save some trim that would
probably end up in mince or sausage.
And now I can actually come in and start
making some slices for my schnitzel.
And I just want to make again
nice large passes in order to get the most
surface area out of the schnitzel.
So I don't need to be too concerned about
how thick or thin they are at this point.
A little bit thicker
actually is preferable
because what we'll be doing
is pounding it out.
So I'll just make a few cuts
and again, just to get it
nice large surface area.
So this would be our pork schnitzel.
Out of our inside round.